In programming, a function is a set of instructions bundle together to achieve a certain outcome superior
is to put together a structure where we can add the statements, we can add logic, we can add everything
we need to create a basic unit of a program per se to achieve certain result, to have a certain outcome.
So we've seen function before.
This is a function fun that stands for functions of fun.
In this case, will be the key word used in codling to create a function to start the functions they
find and then the name of the function.
And then we have their parentheses and of course, the body, right?
The part of the function is enclosed in a set of curly braces.
Then we call actually another function, right?
This is given by the Scotland Library called print.
And then we say Hello world.
So that is indeed a function figure here.
Still the same.
So we enclosing certain logic in this case, we just have one statement there, which is a print function
called And we're passing Hello World, but we can have multiple things inside there.
The idea is the function of always contain certain logic.
Right?
It's going to bundle up that logic in one entity, if you will.
Let's go back to our code and starting to put together these functions.